Creating a skeleton structure for ESM1.6 configuration docs (#237)
ACCESS-NRI/access-esm1.6-configs: documentation/docs/pages/contributing/index.md

## Getting involved in ACCESS-ESM1.6

> There are several ways we welcome feedback and contributions on ACCESS-ESM1.6 development. Contributions from people of all career stages and backgrounds is highly encouraged. All the models and configurations we develop are open source. Development is led by CSIRO and ACCESS-NRI and we follow an open development model building on the work of international modelling consortia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways we welcome feedback and contributions on ACCESS-ESM1.6 development. Contributions from people of all career stages and backgrounds are highly encouraged. Development is led by CSIRO and ACCESS-NRI. We follow an open development workflow where possible building on the work of international modelling groups.
```

Let's not forget that the UM is not open-source.

### Interact with developers in person

> If you would like to interact in person with the development team, we have weekly standup meetings at Tuesday at 9.45am. They are discussed [on the access hive forum](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/access-esm1-6-development/3114/267) (subscribe to this thread for notifications) and the meeting minutes are [also on the forum](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/csiro-access-nri-standup-minutes/3789/60). Everyone is welcome to suggest agenda items and participate. If you'd like to come, best to get in touch on the [on the access hive forum](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/access-esm1-6-development/3114/267) or email chris.bull@anu.edu.au.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to interact in person with the development team, we have weekly standup meetings on Tuesday at 9.45am. They are discussed [on the ACCESS-Hive forum](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/access-esm1-6-development/3114/267) (subscribe to this thread for notifications) and the meeting minutes are [also on the forum](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/csiro-access-nri-standup-minutes/3789/60). Everyone is welcome to suggest agenda items and participate. If you'd like to come, best to get in touch on the [on the ACCESS-Hive forum](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/access-esm1-6-development/3114/267) or email chris.bull@anu.edu.au.
```
I would also avoid giving direct personal email addresses. We really want to encourage people to contact us through open means of conversation.

## ACCESS-esm1.6-configs documentation contributions welcome 🙏
This documentation is a work in progress, and we welcome any contributions, including corrections and suggestions.

All contributions are welcome but we would particularly appreciate text suggestions (below). Contributions can be made in a few ways:

### Quick contributions 
!!! tip
    This method has the advantage is that it's *very quick* (<1 minute!). The caveat is that, unless you have write access to the `access-esm1.6-configs` repository, you will not be able to preview the changes rendered into a website or create whole new pages. <br>

The simplest and fastest way to make a change to an _existing_ page is to click the edit "pencil" on the top-right corner. This will go to the relevant GitHub markdown file and clicking the top-right pencil again on GitHub will allow you to edit the file. Once complete, click `Commit changes...`. There are then _two_ possibilities, depending on whether you have  write access to [`access-esm1.6-configs`](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-esm1.6-configs): 

> 1.  **No write access** (e.g. you are not part of the `ACCESS-NRI` GitHub organisation): this will prompt you to make a fork and then a pull request (less than 1 minute!). 

Reviewer: I don't follow, you don't need to be part of the org to get write access to the repo??

Author: relevant text deleted, see [979465f](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-esm1.6-configs/pull/237/commits/979465f9354316b5dcb81f78f3f432c3700a9206)

1.  **You have write access**: please commit changes on a new branch and then use a pull request (this relates to the next option). 

### Larger contributions (online PR-previews)
!!! tip

>     This method allows you create whole new pages, and to preview the changes rendered into a website. It does not require you to install any software, but is **only available for people with write access to [`access-esm1.6-configs`](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-esm1.6-configs)**.<br>

Reviewer: Does that mean we should have a "how to get write access" section somewhere? In the config docs or in the README?

Reviewer: Can leave it as-is for now.
